all right everybody I'm getting ready to
show you how to basically have a phone
without having a phone so you're going
to use your iPod Touch and what we have
here freedompop this freedompop is
pretty much it's a device that creates a
hotspot for internet right there in the
palm of your hands everywhere you go so
you have it on the go with you so I'm
going to use this to turn this iPod
Touch into a phone excuse me
okay I'm gonna open this up let's see
what we got here I just bought this so
I've never actually used it so I'm you
know actually doing a real review here
using it for the first time this device
here yeah so this is the thing basically
it's a hotspot a mobile hotspot and I
believe this is pretty much just the
exact same thing that Sprint users I
think they just put a little sticker
over the face of the Sprint logo up here
but uh this is the device that you use
here to create the hotspot and the quick
start guide says to get connected power
on your freedompop
mobile hotspot by pressing and holding
the power button for two
seconds so let's do that I don't know if
it's got any power anything I probably
had to charge it up okay well I have to
charge it up so I'll be right back
all right now we're back so I've got the
hot spot going in you can see there it
says sprint right there on the front of
it so they're in partnership with Sprint
and this thing I think it cost me
somewhere around like about 50 bucks to
get this hot spot here Wow
it's still looking for a hot spot so
it's been about almost 5 minutes and
it's still looking for a hot spot so I'm
not sure if it's because I'm in a very
low area where there's not much
reception because my actual cellphone
doesn't get very good reception down
here either so I guess we'll have to see
if it finds a network outside this house
and maybe we could get these two linked
up that's too bad
we'll be back in we'll see if I can get
this linked up anywhere outside of here
see you guys later
ok looks like I finally got the
freedompop
to connect and it's really simple
actually if you look at the device
there's the password for the network is
right up under the network name so you
just look at that you type in the
password and then you'll be connected so
what I'm going to do is send a text
message to my fiancee and let her know
that I'm on my way because she's been
waiting for me to come so I'm gonna use
Google Voice to send that text message
I'm going to send it let me not let you
guys see that
okay
so it looks like the text message sent
and everything's working just fine so
now it looks like I have my own personal
phone as long as I have freedompop to go
with it so I get five hundred three
minutes of not five hundred three
minutes five hundred three megabytes per
month
so with that five hundred free megabytes
per month I read in an article online
that it's about 14 megabytes per hour
on average for some voice over IP style
telephones and you'll 14 megabytes will
probably give you about somewhere around
five to six hours per hundred megabytes
and that will give you about twenty four
hours of speaking time that's at least
enough you get the amount you could get
for free you can also pay about eight
dollars per per month in order to get at
least one gig or two gigs I'm not sure
what it is but it's somewhere around
that amount so yeah freedompop using it
with the ipod touch I have a phone right
now I don't really pay a phone bill I
just paid $50 for this freedompop I
haven't used the phone in two years I've
been just kind of living off of Wi-Fi
from Starbucks McDonald's you know
people's houses my own house you know
wherever I'm at and I can use Wi-Fi I
use this to use it as a phone with
Google Voice it forwards all my calls to
any other phone that I may need I have
an emergency phone that I have turned on
it's I don't pay any phone bill on it
but it's it's just on and I get
emergency phone call center that
and now I don't think I need that
anymore with freedompop so I don't spend
too much time on the phone and this is
perfect for me because I don't actually
want to have to pay a phone bill and I
can use Skype a lot more often than I
use my phone so and I can text 100% free
all the time so this is probably the
perfect thing for you to get an iPod
Touch and freedompop if you don't ever
want to pay a phone bill again thanks